So what worries as a junior? Also, our special worries as you, you know,
like you. You know, the first day going with your ship, you're gonna
You're gonna select the ship to go to duty station on the first
day sign. And what am I doing here? Why was I the guy picked to go?
We all smell their affairs. Social politics. Well, one maybe picked
you, but as a baby decided, you are the right person to go into that
job. So we think you got the chutzpah to pull it off. One Don't talk
yourself. Go do your job. And And one brother, we'll step in a phone
slowly. Is that far your farm? I was for a while that generals general
heighten strike up. You want everyone to be fire marshals by firemen?
Okay, well, it's kinda hard to be a far marshal. When father
happens, it happens. You wantto look around trying, prevent what she
can. But on the first day of a new command, I think it is a coffin
off it. On this walk, they will be over before you know, in a second
you commit